Heyy...I'm developing a website consisting of several pages. It will function as a courier tracking website and you need to help me now.
I want the following functions in my client's website:
1. Should consist of 3 Pages, index page for Introduction to my Courier Service Office, second page for the client's information and third page for tracking.
2. When anybody opens the website they should get a cool background (provide me link for best backgrounds) , next they would get a heading of INTRODUTION and the introduction body should contain cool animations with texts so it looks professional.
3. On the top right corner there should be a button with text "TRACK" , the button should be in oval shape and should have animations and graphics so it looks professional.
3. There should be a button for owner's info below the introduction body aligned well like proffesionals, which would take me to the second page for the client's information and contact details, this page should also have multiple animations wherever possible. Also provide me the link for the background of this page. the background shoud be animated and cool.
4. Now, we come upon the design of third page, the page should have same backgound like others, and should have a box aligned in the center with a EditText where hind should be given "Enter your Tracking Number", and after the user enters any number there should be a button below with "Track Now" text on it, and after the button is pressed, if the number would be found in the data, the data should be presented with an animation on the same page below the box with the Heading "Information available : " and if the number is not found in the data a dialog box with written "Invalid/Not availabe" should appear with a box " Enter again", after enter again is clicked user would be able to enter the number again on the same page.
5. Now tell me how would i upload my data so the details would appear on the website, and tell me the easiest wat because the client doesn't know coding and he'll not be able to update everyday, provide me something that the client can use to upload data easily.
6. you are free to use any thing you want line node.js, css, javascript and more.

Now provide me codes and later I'll enhance the code more according to my need myself. Remember there shouln't be any compromise in functions, designs, animations, background graphics, etc.
I'll be very gratefull to you if you help me.